I'm currently standing on a rashed
street a couple of meters away from Wadi
Gazza the last point that separates the
north of Gaza Strip and the south of the
Gaza Strip where it has been separated a
couple of months ago where Israeli
forces called this a safe Corridor and
it's the only Corridor and it's the only
Road for people to evacuate from the
north to to the South it has been a
tough night on the Gaza Strip where
there has been endless Israeli raids on
refug camps in several areas across the
Gaza Strip since the morning the
Palestinians in Gaza Strip in shewan
neighborhood in alwa neighborhood and in
the middle of the Gaza City have been
warned on their iPhones and their phones
uh they received messages to evacuate
from those areas to DAR balah but as you
see no one showed up we are surprised
that people did not um do what the
Israeli Army um asked them to evacuate
but at the end of the day people in the
Gaza Strip now acknowledge the fact that
the Israeli forces are asking them to go
to Safe areas and then these safe areas
turn into a war zone we're talking about
people who have been called to evacuate
to kanun to evacuate to ra toat and to
all the southern areas as you see people
do not trust what the Israeli forces
tell them and no one Evac uated just
like the Israeli forces requested them
this is
hind Gaza